High value is not an aesthetic, but
pretending that looks do not matter is
delusion. Most women try to change their
mindset while still feeling
uncomfortable in their bodies. And
that's exactly why I created this
glow-up guide. It covers looks, body
grooming, routines, product
recommendations, Slavic girl secrets.
This is about upgrading your look. And
this video today will show you how to
live like a high value woman, not just
look like one. Hi guys and welcome back
to my channel. If you're new here, my
name is Michaela and today's video is
your guide on becoming a high value
woman. What it means and how to live
that lifestyle. Let's get right into
this. Now, if you're thinking being high
value means size zero, bubble baths, a
fluffy dog, pilateses, designer bags,
and first class flights, you are wrong.
Let me tell you, being high value is not
something given by birth. It does not
come from money. It does not come from
privilege and it also does not come from
beauty. Being high value means
separating from the majority. Now let me
explain. Think about in general high
value people or a high value man. What
makes a high value man being a high
value man? He's most likely emotionally
available, emotionally regulated,
structured, successful, calm, no
drinking, no drugs. He is desired
because he took his time and effort to
acquire traits that only a few have and
that's what makes him above average. Now
the same way it is with woman. A high
value woman is continuously growing
adopting new ways of thinking new habits
to become a better version of herself to
be more in tune with herself to be
emotionally available emotionally
regulated. She's investing time to do
that inside work. Okay. In contrary to
what most people think that high value
women are selfish, egoistic, cold,
having too high standards, high value
women are actually very down to earth,
compassionated and kind. They just know
what their boundaries are and when to
step away. So they are never abandoning
themselves for keeping peace in any
setting. And there are many many traits
of a high-v valueue woman. Trait number
one is communication. A high value woman
knows how to communicate her emotions,
her needs. She is not silent about what
she needs and what she wants because
ultimately she knows when she feels
best. She does best and she can also be
the best for other people. A high value
woman knows that she needs to always
fill her cup first before she can be
there for others. So her priority is
herself, her cup and not abandoning her
needs. That's why communication skills
are so important because how many people
how many women do know how to
communicate their emotions and their
needs without feeling guilty, ashamed or
being aggressive and confrontative. The
next trait of a high-value woman is to
be picky with who she is surrounding
herself. A high value woman is not
surrounding herself with people just for
the sake of it. She is not friend with
someone just because she knows this
person since kindergarten, since high
school, if it doesn't align with her
values, if it doesn't contribute to her
well-being, then she's not afraid to cut
people off. She's not afraid to be by
herself. She actually prefers to be by
herself rather than being with people
that strain her. And that's a very very
important point. So often women hold on
to friendships and relationships because
they already spend so much time with
them. They already spend so much effort
on them. They already have such a long
history, experiences, and memories with
each other. But girl, this should not be
a reason to stay with someone in touch.
The only reason why you stay with
someone in touch is because it makes you
feel good. Your well-being must be your
top priority. If you're not feeling
well, if you're not being well, if
you're not doing well, you can also not
be there for others, you're also not
contributing any positive to this world.
Think about you when you're angry, sad,
and frustrated, and how you're treating
people in that state. And then think
about you when you're happy, fulfilled,
loving. How are you treating people
then? You're saying hello to the
cashier. You're having a smile. People
are smiling back. You're contributing
positivity to this world. And that's
what you should focus on. And not
keeping someone around just for the sake
of having someone around. Another
important trait, a high value woman is
not comparing herself to others. She
knows that she is in her lane and others
are in their lane. Just because there is
another very beautiful woman doesn't
make her less beautiful. Just because
there is another woman more successful
than her in that same field. She is on
another timeline. She knows that this
doesn't make herself less successful.
This doesn't make herself less valuable.
A high value woman understands that
everything that shows up in her reality
is because it's a reflection of what is
already inside of her. So if it's not
motivating her, she's just admiring it.
Another very important trait is that a
high value woman is not compromising on
her values. She has her values in her
life because she is treating herself as
such. You're thinking,
>> why does she always get what she wants?
because she says no 100 times to what
does not align with her values. When you
start saying no to what does not align,
you will be waiting a little longer, but
ultimately will get what you want.
That's why it's so important to know
what values are you standing for? What's
important to you? Are you a family
person? Are you drinking, smoking? With
what people do you want to hang out?
What are your values in relationships?
Are you more the traditional person?
Stand to your values and say no to
everything that does not align with you.
If you do not want to have friends that
are drinking and going out, but your
friends are drinking. These are not the
only people on earth. You can find other
friends that are actually aligned with
your values. You're not a tree. You can
move, you can walk, you can talk, you
can make new friends every single day.
If your values are family, you want to
have children, you want to marry, but
your partner or potential partner does
not have the same values, why do you
still entertain him? Why do you still
give him a chance? Why do you try to
change someone's values? A high value
woman does not compromise on her values.
She knows what she wants and that's why
she always gets what she wants. And I
give you one very simple example. Let's
say you are dreaming of getting this
Chanel bag. you want to have enough
money to buy this bag. Let's say your
current salary is not enough to afford
this. But if you would save up over a
period of time, you could afford this
bag. Now, if you're saying yes to a more
affordable bag, another inexpensive bag,
and then maybe you get another one here
and another one there, you're saying yes
to so many other bags, you will not have
saved up that money to be able to buy
this Chanel bag. But if you're saying
all these times no to the inexpensive
bags, at some point you will have saved
up the sum to be able to afford that
Chanel bag. And that same way you have
to deal with everything in life. Is it
your partner, your friends, the house
you're living in, your job, your
business? Whatever you want, whatever
your values are, be clear on that and
say no to everything that does not align
with it until you get exactly what you
want. Another trait that is undeniable,
whenever a man comes into her life, she
is the privilege in his life. And this
not coming from a selfish position or a
mindset of I know I'm so much better
than everyone else. No, but she knows
what a woman does in a man's life. She
knows that she is self-sufficient. She
does not need a man. She's happy alone.
She's happy by herself. But if a man
wants to be in her life, he steps up as
the masculine high value man and
provides. He comes into her life with
the intention to pursue her, with the
intention to come up to her values. Now,
only a man that has the intention to
pursue her is welcomed into her life.
She is not afraid of being alone. She's
actually very fine and happy with being
by herself, but she is welcoming a man
if he has the intention to pursue her,
spoil her, and take care of her. Not
because she needs it. A high value woman
is never ever waiting on a man to save
her. She's never ever depending on a
man. So when the right man comes into
her life who earns her, he puts in the
effort, the time, investments to conquer
her. That's what any high value man
automatically wants to do. Not because
he needs to. It feels natural to him to
step up, provide for you, take care of
you. He's coming into your life to make
your life easier. And no, I'm not
speaking about these dusty men who say,
"What do you bring to the table?"
>> This is another topic. As a high value
woman, you're not even attracting these
type of men anymore. And this brings me
into my next very, very important trait.
A high value woman is independent, but
not hyperindependent. I keep talking
about that all the time because there is
such a big misunderstanding.
If you are with a man, of course, let
him take the lead even. And especially a
high value woman knows how to be
feminine. She knows how to let a man
lead. Let him take care of her. Let him
be the man in the relationship. Being
independent simply means that you are
not depending on anyone. You can live by
yourself. It does not mean that you do
not want anyone to help you. You do not
want anyone to take care of you. That's
hyperindependence. That's a very
masculine trait. And many people they
confuse being hyperindependent with
being high value. A high value woman
definitely knows how to be feminine.
Definitely knows how to be soft.
Definitely knows how to be that soft
girl while also being that girl boss.
The next very important trait is
detachment. A high value woman is never
attached to anything. She's not attached
to success. She is not attached to her
beauty. She's not attached to any man.
She's not attached to any outcomes.
Detachment is her superpower because
ultimately she understands that anything
that can be taken away from her cannot
be source of her value, cannot be source
of her happiness. Because what does that
mean? If your source of happiness is
your partner, he can take that happiness
away from you at any time. If your
source of happiness is success and god
forbid from one day to the other you
lose everything, you would feel
worthless. You would feel unhappy. You
would fall into depression. A high value
woman does not want to give that power
over anything and anyone. She finds her
worth and her happiness within. How to
do that? By journaling. By understanding
who are you? What are your traits? What
makes you special? By loving your
company. By loving yourself. By loving
your soul and understanding who you are,
what you want beyond your beauty, beyond
your hair, beyond your clothes, all your
jewelry, beyond all these materialistic
things. Your happiness is not attached
to anything. Your value is not attached
to anything. Your worth is not attached
to anything. It's so deeply grounded and
rooted within yourself that nothing,
literally nothing can bring you down.
Nothing ever can bring you down because
it is you. Now, of course, things can
happen, emotions can arise, people will
always disappoint you. You cannot
control others. You cannot control
outcomes. Many things are just not in
our control. So it doesn't matter how
detached we are. Sometimes emotions
arise. Sometimes we get angry,
frustrated, we are heartbroken. We feel
sad and that's completely normal. But
how does a high value woman react? She
is emotionally regulated. She knows how
to regulate those emotions that come up.
She does not swallow them down, suppress
them. She knows how to outlet them
without being explosive and dragging
other people down in a very nasty way.
She knows how to communicate her
feelings. As I said in the first trait
already, very very important also to
communicate and speak out your emotions
when they are not happy emotions, when
they are not need, when they are just
arising, when you feel hurt. Expressing
your emotions is so important. Not going
to your friend and gossiping, splirting
all your emotions, your sadness over
her. First, taking a piece of paper and
journaling, writing out all your
thoughts, your anger, or dancing, going
to the gym, and transmuting your
emotions before dragging other people
down. That's what a high value woman
does. The only one that is responsible
for how she feels and how she reacts is
herself. Even though other people might
disappoint her, might frustrate her,
might do things wrong, might hurt her,
it's in her responsibility to react the
right way. Now, the next point is about
beauty. Of course, it's inevitable. A
high value woman is beautiful, but she's
not beautiful because of all the
products she's using, all the surgeries
she has done. She's beautiful, first of
all, from the inside out. She is
beautiful because of all the traits that
she acquires. She knows how to take care
of herself, not only from the inside,
but also from the outside. And no, this
does not have a special look, a certain
size or a certain hair color. A high
value woman comes in all shapes, in all
sizes, in all colors, in all forms. It's
not about how you look, it's about how
you feel within that look. How do you
put yourself together? How do you take
care of yourself? I have seen the most
beautiful woman but wouldn't consider
them as high value woman because you
can't see it when someone doesn't feel
well in their bodies. When someone looks
beautiful just from the surface but
there is nothing within. There is
nothing deep there is no inner work.
There is no real glow. That's not what I
consider to be a high value woman. A
high value woman is way deeper than just
a superficial beauty. The beauty always
comes through when you love yourself,
when you respect yourself. She is
beautiful and likes the way she looks
because she respects herself. And the
woman that respects herself is eating
healthy. She's moving her body. She's
accumulating more knowledge. She has a
growth mindset, nurturing herself in all
areas in her life. And that is what
actually makes someone beautiful. But
get my full glow up guide if you want to
know how to glow up and look like a
high-v valueue woman. I didn't always
look like this. I covered all the
secrets that helped me glowing up. Now,
let's quickly talk also about low value
woman traits. A low value woman is like
the majority of all people. Not saying
that you are a low value woman. You are
watching this video. You are already
growth oriented. It spiked your interest
when you saw this video. So there is
already a high value woman in you. No
offense. Many of us, even me, been doing
low value woman traits because that's
what we learn from society. That's
what's being normalized. It's being
normalized to gossip and talk about the
latest trends, rumors in high society,
in Hollywood or what's happening on
social media. A low value trait is for
example putting your attention too much
on other people. If you are focusing
always on your partner or your friends,
you're checking your phone.
>> Why he's not texting back? What is he
doing? He doesn't love me anymore
because he didn't call me or check up on
me.
>> Do not give so much attention to other
people. As a high value woman, you are
the center of your life. You must be the
most important person. All your
attention must go first to yourself. You
cannot scrumble when someone is not
replying to you, when your friend is
saying something mean to you. You can
set your boundaries, but it shouldn't be
something that actually takes away joy
from your life. Or gossip. It doesn't
even make sense. Do you not have
anything else to talk about? Get
inspired. Get yourself friends who don't
gossip. It might feels easy and exciting
to gossip, but it doesn't do any good.
Your words are actually put in
existence. When you say something, it
creates an environment. It creates
vibration. It does something to you. Is
it your mood or your lifestyle? It
changes something. And you cannot tell
me you feel good after 1 hour gossiping
about random people that you don't even
know. The next low value trait,
jealousy. Why would you be jealous? You
can only be jealous when you do not know
your value. When you do not know your
place on this earth. You are so unique.
You're so special that there is
literally nobody else out there like
you. Why are you jealous of someone?
Just because you see a woman that is
beautiful does not make you any less
beautiful. So why are you jealous? Just
because you see someone living the
lifestyle you wish to live yourself
doesn't make it less possible for you to
live that lifestyle. Actually when you
see that it is meant for you. You do not
see those things for the sake of seeing
it and being jealous. You see certain
things to be motivated and inspired to
get there too. Another low value traits
is being very chaotic. Having no
routines and having no or low
boundaries. Having boundaries are
actually such an important traits that I
forgot to talk about. A high value woman
needs to have very strict boundaries
because if not she is settling for less
and she will not be able to be that high
value woman. You cannot let people step
over your boundaries, step over you, and
still be perceived as a high value woman
because nobody that truly respects and
loves themselves would let other people
treat them worse than they treat
themselves. A high value woman
understands that her boundaries, values,
and standards are her filter and
protection to what she really wants. If
it doesn't align with those, she knows
how to walk away, and she's not afraid
to walk away. Now to have a bit of a
clear picture of what life looks like of
a high value woman, think about
routines. You wake up in the morning,
you have breakfast, you go to the gym,
and then you do your work, your job, you
go out or stay in, you make money, and
after that, as a high value woman, you
keep some time to rewind. She knows that
it's not all about work. It's not all
about hustle culture. As I said earlier,
it's a mix between soft girl and girl
boss. The key, as in many things, is the
balance. As a high value woman, you need
to know where the balance is and how to
balance work life with soft life. After
work life, you wind down. You take your
bubble bath, call your parents, your
family, your friends, get dinner with
your partner, read a book, get a
massage, do things that nurture your
soul before you go to bed. And just
before you end the day, you reset, you
pray, maybe you even journal. And then
another very, very important thing that
I want you to keep in mind, a high value
woman is planning her day around sleep.
Sleep is priority. When you sleep good,
you feel good. And when you feel good,
you do good. This doesn't mean to sleep
12 hours, to sleep all day long, keep
scrolling in bed. This simply means you
have between 7 and 9 hours of sleep
every single night, and you are going to
bed and waking up at the same time. You
have a routine cuz you value yourself
and respect yourself. Anyways guys, I
hope this could help. Thank you so so
much for watching and I see you in my
next video. Bye-bye.